Convert `DllImport` uses to `LibraryImport` (#40822)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/native-interop/best-practices.md

The guidance in this section applies to all interop scenarios.

- ✔️ DO use `[LibraryImport]`, if possible, when targeting .NET 7+.

>   - There are cases when using `[DllImport]` is appropriate. A Roslyn Analyzer will tell you when that is the case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - There are cases when using `[DllImport]` is appropriate. A code analyzer with ID [SYSLIB1054](../../fundamentals/syslib-diagnostics/syslib1050-1069.md) tells you when that's the case.
```

- ✔️ DO only use `[In]` and `[Out]` attributes on other types when the behavior you want differs from the default behavior.
- ✔️ CONSIDER using <xref:System.Buffers.ArrayPool%601?displayProperty=nameWithType> to pool your native array buffers.
- ✔️ CONSIDER wrapping your P/Invoke declarations in a class with the same name and capitalization as your native library.
  - This allows your `[LibraryImport]` or `[DllImport]` attributes to use the C# `nameof` language feature to pass in the name of the native library and ensure that you didn't misspell the name of the native library.

## LibraryImport attribute settings

> A Roslyn Analyzer will help guide users with `LibraryImportAttribute`. In most circumstances, `LibraryImportAttribute` uses require explicit declarations rather than relying on default settings. This design is intentional and helps avoid unintended behavior in interop scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A code analyzer, with ID [SYSLIB1054](../../fundamentals/syslib-diagnostics/syslib1050-1069.md), helps guide you with `LibraryImportAttribute`. In most cases, the use of `LibraryImportAttribute` requires an explicit declaration rather than relying on default settings. This design is intentional and helps avoid unintended behavior in interop scenarios.
```

## String parameters

> When <xref:System.Runtime.InteropServices.LibraryImportAttribute.StringMarshalling> is defined as <xref:System.Runtime.InteropServices.StringMarshalling.Utf16> or the argument is explicitly marked as `[MarshalAs(UnmanagedType.LPWSTR)]` or <xref:System.Runtime.InteropServices.DllImportAttribute.CharSet> is Unicode _and_ the string is passed by value (not `ref` or `out`), the string will be pinned and used directly by native code (rather than copied).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The string is pinned and used directly by native code (rather than copied) when:

- <xref:System.Runtime.InteropServices.LibraryImportAttribute.StringMarshalling> is defined as <xref:System.Runtime.InteropServices.StringMarshalling.Utf16>.
- The argument is explicitly marked as `[MarshalAs(UnmanagedType.LPWSTR)]`.
- <xref:System.Runtime.InteropServices.DllImportAttribute.CharSet> is Unicode and the string is passed by value (not `ref` or `out`).
```

}
```

> `string` contains blittable contents if it isn't contained in another type and it's being passed as an argument that is marked with `[MarshalAs(UnmanagedType.LPWStr)]` or `[LibraryImport]` has `StringMarshalling = StringMarshalling.Utf16` or the `[DllImport]` has `CharSet = CharSet.Unicode` set.

Reviewer 2: Seems this wording simplification means the same thing?

```suggestion
`string` contains blittable contents if it isn't contained in another type and is being passed as an argument that is marked with `[MarshalAs(UnmanagedType.LPWStr)]` or `[LibraryImport]` has `StringMarshalling = StringMarshalling.Utf16` or the `[DllImport]` has `CharSet = CharSet.Unicode` set.
```

Reviewer: You might consider a bullet list here too.
